Added enterKeyHint prop to textInput docs (#3299)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/textinput.md

---

### `enterKeyHint`

> Determines what text should be shown to the return key. Has precedence over the `returnKeyType`
> 
> _Cross platform_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines what text should be shown to the return key. Has precedence over the `returnKeyType` prop.
```

Small wording tweak and cross platforms header removal, since by default docs are referring to both platforms by default.
